Isn’t this Brother Tiger? Brother Tiger,
Why are you here? I heard that there are good products here?
I can't give it to Zheng Shou. Brother Tiger,
Come on, it's so small.
Brother Tiger, he opened two good things. And,
Does this habit make him beautiful?
I thought, what do you want to do? You just want to leave.
I heard your pussy is crazy.
When are you going to give me a few to play with?
Damn you. It must be shameless, right?
You still dare to threaten me? Brother Hu,
If you dare to touch me, I won't let you go.
What is it? Or do you know Zheng Shou?
You still want to get fat with Brother Tiger, right?
The second young master of the Tianhai family, oh
The king gets you, I waste you
Tomorrow she will be a dead wife
Okay, it’s sweat
Let me satisfy you